Q0: Part 1
What makes a model "linear"? "Linear" in what?

A model is "linear" if it is linear in the coefficients. 
So, if the coefficients were squared, then it would not be linear.

Q0: Part 2
How do you interpret the coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable?

We remove the coefficient for the base level of the dummy variable if the 
intercept is included, since the intercept shows what the response variable 
would be for the base level. Coefficient for a different level shows how 
much the response variable changes from the base level for that level.

Q0: Part 3
Can linear regression be used for classification? Explain why, or why not.

It is not appropriate; it is only good for continuous response variables. 
For classification, logistic regression would need to be used for good results.

Q0: Part 4
If you have a high accuracy on training but low on testing, what might be 
the problem?

This likely indicates that the model is overfitted, meaning that it is
too complex and accounts for too much noise in the training data.

Q0: Part 5
What are two ways to incorporate nonlinear relationships between your target/
response/dependent/outcome variable $y$ and your features/control/response/
independent variables $x$?

We could use the DecisionTreeRegressor or the PolynomialFeatures function.
Decision tree regression uses a tree-like feature to predict the response, 
while polynomial regression uses curves (not just straight lines) to 
preduct the response.

Q0: Part 6
What is the interpretation of the intercept? A slope coefficient for a 
variable? The coefficient for a dummy/one-hot-encoded variable?

The intercept shows what the response variable is at the base level and/or
when the quantitative explanatory variables are 0. Slope coefficient shows
the value that the response variable changes by for one unit change in the
respective x. The coefficient for a dummy variable shows the value that the 
response variable changes from the base level for the respective level.